[ET-1331] Add anonymous purchases notice (#2231)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [TBD] TBD =

> * Enhancement - Added a warniong when Tickets Commerce is enable, but users aren't required to log in before purchasing tickets. [ET-1352]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhancement - Added a warning when Tickets Commerce is enabled, but users aren't required to log in before purchasing tickets. [ET-1352]
```
